and for this delicious lemon cake
We're going to need a packet of cookies
marias a milkwoman a milk carnation and
6 lemons scene time for you to
You can totally use the juice of each
one of them and now in a tray
clean or some clean container
Let's face what milk is
carnation the dairy and what's left
the in the can of vital milk or are we going
We're going to take the boy out very well with
a spoon to not waste anything
and finally let's put what is the
lemon juice that is the six lemon
As I said, it has to be at
time and now let's adapt it very very
well all this mixture
now in a clean container or in a
mold or whatever you want to use let's
to put what are the cookies and the
cream I'm going to be doing this
way by making a layer of cookies a
cream layer a layer of cookies a
cream layer and so on
you can do it the way you
you want the same if you want you can use
more cookies either a pack and a half or
two packages of cookies marias like you
like
I only wanted to use with package
of cookies maria because I like that
have more cream than in cookies and good
girls, I'll be doing it like that
successively as I said it is to taste
from each
and as for the decoration as well as
I mentioned them is the taste of everyone
you can use strawberries or lemons and I
I'm going to put little houses of lemons and
we have to put in the freezer for two
or three hours and you are going to see how it changed
the consistency of the cream gets a
little bit harder and then that's when
will be ready and now if girls to
try it and the truth is that it's going to
love very much is very rich is cool
It's sweet and has an acid touch that
it's true that they're going to love me
I really like this dessert and really
if they do it where I take a photo to one of
my social networks that the link always
I leave it in the information box
and well now I want to send you a
I greet some girls and one of them is
Alejandra Brown
to diana portas vergaray and here decks and
finally a greeting to carla valenzuela
thank you very much for watching this video
I hope you liked it and that you
find very very well and see you in
the next bye